Upstreamize API guide (#3212)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Project_API/topics/con_oauth-authentication-overview.adoc

[id="oauth-authentication-overview"]
= OAuth authentication overview

As an alternative to basic authentication, you can use limited OAuth 1.0 authentication.

> This is sometimes referred to as _1-legged OAuth_ in version 1.0a of the protocol.

Reviewer: Needs technical ACK please.

Author: Good enough? > https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/application-integration/adapter-builder/oauth-1.0-one-legged-authentication.html

Author: Technical ACK regarding what exactly? The version of the OAtuh spec?

Reviewer: Yes, regarding the version and naming.

Author: I've got an ack from engineering that Foreman only supports OAuth 1.0a authentication.
What about the naming?

Reviewer: I was just wondering about "1-legged", but an internet search reveals that it's a thing :D

Author: FYI, I had to rephrase it, because 1-legged is not used in the specification itself :D

To view OAuth settings, in the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Settings* > *Authentication*.
The *OAuth consumer key* is the token to be used by all OAuth clients.

{Project} stores OAuth settings in the `/etc/foreman/settings.yaml` file.

> Use the `{foreman-installer}` script to configure these settings, because {Project} overwrites any manual changes to this file when upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `{foreman-installer}` script to change these settings.
```

I'd drop the latter half of the sentence because we don't want to give the idea that users should manually edit this file.

Option is `--foreman-oauth-consumer-key`; maybe we can mention this here or in a related procedure.

Author: The following procedures tells the user how to list all OAuth installer options. I'm keeping the option out.
